Malicious package scanning docs for Libraries (#3335)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/overview.md

- No longer provide security fixes for packages built against the EOL version
- Continue to serve previously built packages

## Malware and greyware detection

> Chainguard's [Sentinel scanning system](https://www.chainguard.dev/unchained/how-does-chainguard-prevent-malware-in-chainguard-libraries/) identifies and blocks hostile packages in Chainguard Libraries for JavaScript. This includes 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chainguard's [Sentinel scanning system](https://www.chainguard.dev/unchained/how-does-chainguard-prevent-malware-in-chainguard-libraries/) identifies and blocks malicious and greyware packages in Chainguard Libraries for JavaScript. This includes 
```
